[All Hosts] (debugging) update debugging in Visual Studio (#3940)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/debug-office-add-ins-in-visual-studio.md

### Debug the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in

The best method for debugging an add-in in Visual Studio 2022 depends on whether the add-in is running in WebView2, which is the webview control that is associated with Microsoft Edge (Chromium), or an older webview control. To determine which webview control is being used, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). If your computer is using WebView2, see [Use the built-in Visual Studio debugger](#use-the-built-in-visual-studio-debugger). For any other webview control, see [Use the browser developer tools](#use-the-browser-developer-tools).

#### Use the built-in Visual Studio debugger

> 1. Set breakpoints, as needed, in the source JavaScript or TypeScript files. You can do this either before or after you start the add-in as described in the earlier section [Start the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project](#start-the-excel-powerpoint-or-word-add-in-project).

Reviewer: consider: uplevel and move the "Start the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project" before the debugging sections and rename to something like "Start the add-in project"

Author: Could you clarify? It's already before the debugging sections. Also, what is the advantage of the section name change? The article title sets the context as debugging.

Reviewer: I was thinking "Start the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project" were used by WXPO so it would make sense to pull it out as an H2 before "Debug an Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project". However, I realize that the instructions for starting WXP are different from starting OLK.

1. When the add-in is running, use the add-in's UI to run the code that contains your breakpoints. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Breakpoints set in `Office.initialize` or `Office.onReady` aren't hit. To debug these methods, see [Debug the initialize and onReady functions](../testing/debug-initialize-onready.md).

> [!TIP]

> > If you encounter any problems, there is more information at [Debug a JavaScript or TypeScript app in Visual Studio](../../../visualstudio/javascript/debug-nodejs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you encounter any problems, there's more information at [Debug a JavaScript or TypeScript app in Visual Studio](/visualstudio/javascript/debug-nodejs?view=vs-2022&preserve-view=true).
```

Reviewer: @Rick-Kirkham this link update should also address the build validation suggestion

#### Use the browser developer tools

1. Follow the steps in the earlier section [Start the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project](#start-the-excel-powerpoint-or-word-add-in-project).

> 1. Launch the add-in in the Office application if it isn't already open. For example, if it is a task pane add-in, it will have added a button to the **Home** ribbon (for example, a **Show Taskpane** button). Select the button in the ribbon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch the add-in in the Office application if it isn't already open. For example, if it's a task pane add-in, it will have added a button to the **Home** ribbon (for example, a **Show Taskpane** button). Select the button in the ribbon. 
```

### Debug the Outlook add-in

The best method for debugging an add-in in Visual Studio 2022 depends on whether the add-in is running in WebView2, which is the webview control that is associated with Microsoft Edge (Chromium), or an older webview control. To determine which webview control is being used, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). If your computer is using WebView2, see [Use the built-in Visual Studio debugger](#use-the-built-in-visual-studio-debugger). For any other webview control, see [Use the browser developer tools](#use-the-browser-developer-tools).

#### Use the built-in Visual Studio debugger

> 1. Set breakpoints, as needed, in the source JavaScript or TypeScript files. You can do this either before or after you start the add-in as described in the earlier section [Start the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project](#start-the-excel-powerpoint-or-word-add-in-project).

Reviewer: if you accept my suggestion to uplevel/move/rename the "Start the Excel, PowerPoint, or Word add-in project" section, remember to update the title and anchor

Reviewer: Seems like this should point to the Outlook version of that section...?
```suggestion
1. Set breakpoints, as needed, in the source JavaScript or TypeScript files. You can do this either before or after you start the add-in as described in the earlier section [Start the Outlook add-in project](#start-the-outlook-add-in-project).
```

1. When the add-in is running, use the add-in's UI to run the code that contains your breakpoints. 

> [!TIP]
>

> > - Sometimes in Outlook on the web, the Visual Studio debugger doesn't attach. If you get errors by the breakpoints that indicate they won't be hit, use the browser developer tools to attach to the Visual Studio debugger: After you have pressed F5 to start debugging and Outlook on the web has opened, follow the first four steps in the [Use the browser developer tools in Outlook on the web](#use-the-browser-developer-tools-in-outlook-on-the-web). (Use the instructions for Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based).) After you set a breakpoint in the browser tools and it is hit, execution will pause on the breakpoint in *both* the browser tools *and* in Visual Studio. This indicates that the Visual Studio debugger is attached. At this point, you can close the browser tools and add breakpoints in Visual Studio as you normally would.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Sometimes in Outlook on the web, the Visual Studio debugger doesn't attach. If you get errors by the breakpoints that indicate they won't be hit, use the browser developer tools to attach to the Visual Studio debugger: After you have pressed F5 to start debugging and Outlook on the web has opened, follow the first four steps in the [Use the browser developer tools in Outlook on the web](#use-the-browser-developer-tools-in-outlook-on-the-web). (Use the instructions for Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based).) After you set a breakpoint in the browser tools and it's hit, execution will pause on the breakpoint in *both* the browser tools *and* in Visual Studio. This indicates that the Visual Studio debugger is attached. At this point, you can close the browser tools and add breakpoints in Visual Studio as you normally would.
```

> > - If you encounter any problems, there is more information at [Debug a JavaScript or TypeScript app in Visual Studio](../../../visualstudio/javascript/debug-nodejs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If you encounter any problems, there's more information at [Debug a JavaScript or TypeScript app in Visual Studio](/visualstudio/javascript/debug-nodejs?view=vs-2022&preserve-view=true).
```

Reviewer: @Rick-Kirkham this link update should also address the build validation suggestion
